#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.17
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.2
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.2.1
    # via librosa
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
einops==0.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
librosa==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning==2.5.1
    # via pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via pyannote-metrics
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via openai-whisper
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via librosa
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   openai-whisper
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   contourpy
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   onnxruntime
    #   openai-whisper
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via pyannote-audio
onnxruntime==1.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
openai-whisper==20240930
    # via -r requirements.in
optuna==4.3.0
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   pooch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
pillow==11.2.1
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboardx
pyannote-audio==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-lightning==2.5.1
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   uvicorn
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   tiktoken
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   typer
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==3.0.4
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via speechbrain
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-audio
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
speechbrain==1.0.3
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via pyannote-audio
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via openai-whisper
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   julius
    #   lightning
    #   openai-whisper
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==1.7.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   openai-whisper
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
typer==0.15.2
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.2
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
